feat(middleware): more explanation for `next()` rewrite (#9958)
withastro/docs: src/content/docs/en/guides/middleware.mdx

When you have multiple middleware functions chained via [sequence()](#chaining-middleware), submitting a path to `next()` will rewrite the `Request` in place and the middleware will not execute again. The next middleware function in the chain will receive the new `Request` with its updated `context`:

> Calling `next()` with this signature will create a new `Request` object using the old `ctx.request`, this means that trying to consume `Request.body`, either before or after this rewrite, will throw a runtime error. This can likely happen with [Astro Actions that use HTML forms](/en/guides/actions/#call-actions-from-an-html-form-action). In these cases it's advised to avoid a rewrite inside the middleware.    

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Calling `next()` with this signature will create a new `Request` object using the old `ctx.request`. This means that trying to consume `Request.body`, either before or after this rewrite, will throw a runtime error. This can likely happen with [Astro Actions that use HTML forms](/en/guides/actions/#call-actions-from-an-html-form-action). In these cases, we recommend handling rewrites from your Astro templates using `Astro.rewrite()` instead of using middleware.    
```

Could nits to clarify what users should do instead

Reviewer 2: Great note, Ben! Love your focusing on what you should do rather than what not to do and I agree with all your changes.  🙌 

Can I just clarify whether "This can likely happen" means:

- this often happens with
- the likely cause when this happens is

And whether "In these cases" refers to:
- the case of Astro Actions using HTML forms
- the case of a runtime error thrown (no matter what usage caused it)
- the case of an Astro Action using HTML forms that threw a runtime error (i.e. super specific!)

I think these are places were there's room to be a bit more explicit, and after that, great teamwork! 🫡

Reviewer: Agreed this is ambiguous! "the likely cause when this happens" is what he's referring to. I'd change to this:

"This error is often raised when [Astro Actions with HTML forms](/en/guides/actions/#call-actions-from-an-html-form-action) are used.

Reviewer 2: Updating your suggestion above, and merging in so we can get this done! 🫡
